not too long ago I made a video on how
to make ampules from test tubes but I
want to quickly revisit it there are
just two modifications that I want to
mention one involving making the ampule
and one involving closing it
one downside in my previous video was
that the ampules that I made could not
stand on their own however with a little
bit of testing I found it's possible to
actually heat up the bottom of the test
tube and then squish it down and flatten
it on something like the bottom of a
beaker it easily flattens when it's
pushed against the beaker it's best to
squish it against something insulating
like glass so the test tube remains
malleable for as long as possible it is
actually quite difficult and takes a
little bit of practice to get it flat
so you can see here when the ampules
flattened it can now stand up on its own
this next part is just like in the
previous video where the test tube is
heated and then pulled even if you're
making an ampule out of a larger test
tube you're going to want to pull it so
that the neck of the ampule is about the
same width is this ideally the neck is
as thin as possible where you're still
able to get your chemical inside
to seal the ampule you should really
limit how much twisting you do in my
previous video I show that you should
twist but this is only because the neck
of the ampule is quite wide I suggest
you try to make it as narrow as possible
because I found that the more twisting
that is done the more likely the ampule
won't be sealed properly so this is what
my final ampule looks like sealed and
standing up on its own
sometimes I find that after making the
ampule it's a good idea to shake it
around a little to make sure there's no
leaks and you can see here that is well
sealed
you